[TS] update for v0.16 (#745)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/clients.md

```ts
import { Connection, WorkflowClient } from '@temporalio/client';
const connection = new Connection(); // to configure for production
const client = new WorkflowClient(connection.service);
```

If you omit the connection and just call `new WorkflowClient()`, it creates a default connection that will work locally. Just remember you will need to configure your Connection and namespace when [deploying to production](/docs/typescript/security#encryption-in-transit-with-mtls).

## Start a Workflow Execution

> Once you have a Workflow Client, you can schedule the start of a workflow with `client.start`, specifying its `workflowId`, `taskQueue` and `args` and returning a Workflow Handle (see below) immediately once the Server acknowledges receipt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have a Workflow Client, you can schedule the start of a workflow with `client.start`, specifying `workflowId`, `taskQueue`, and `args` and returning a Workflow Handle (see below) immediately after the Server acknowledges receipt.
```

```ts
// // STEP ONE: client.start
// Option 1: Specifying args and workflowId
const handle = await client.start(example, {
  workflowId: 'business-meaningful-id',
  taskQueue: 'tutorial',
  args: ['foo', 'bar', 'baz'], // this is typechecked against workflowFn's args
});

// Option 2: Just using string name; no need to import Workflow, but no type inference
import { WorkflowStartOptions } from '@temporalio/client';
type WFType = (key: number) => Promise<string>; // arg types intentionally wrong to prove a point
const handle = await client.start<string>('example', {
  workflowId: 'business-meaningful-id',
  taskQueue: 'tutorial',
  args: [123], // typechecked, but actually wrong at runtime because wrong type signature
} as WorkflowStartOptions<WFType>);

// // STEP TWO: client.getHandle

> // Continue in a different process (e.g. in a serverless function)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Continue in a different process (such as a serverless function)
```

const handle = client.getHandle(workflowId);
const result = await handle.result(); // wait for Workflow to complete and get result. See below for other Handle APIs
const result = await client.execute(example /*...*/); // Alternative API for starting and immediately waiting for Workflow completion
```

> Apart from the three required options, you can specify other [WorkflowOptions](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/interfaces/client.WorkflowOptions) like the `searchAttributes` and `cronSchedule` (with important caveats you should read in the [Cron Workflows section below](#scheduling-cron-workflows)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the three required options, you can specify other [WorkflowOptions](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/interfaces/client.WorkflowOptions) like `searchAttributes` and `cronSchedule` (with important caveats you should read in the [Cron Workflows](#scheduling-cron-workflows) section later in this topic).
```

<details>
<summary>Note: Scheduling is not the same as Starting
</summary>

Calling `client.execute` or `client.start` merely sends a Command to Temporal Server to schedule a new Workflow Execution on the specified Task Queue; it does not actually start until a Worker (that has a matching Workflow Type) polling that Task Queue picks it up.

> You can test this by executing a Workflow Client command without a matching Worker, and seeing that Temporal Server records the command in Event History but does not make progress with the Workflow Execution until a Worker starts polling with a matching Task Queue and Workflow Definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test this by executing a Workflow Client command without a matching Worker.
Temporal Server records the command in Event History but does not make progress with the Workflow Execution until a Worker starts polling with a matching Task Queue and Workflow Definition.
```

## Note: Child Workflows and External Workflows

> You can only start Child Workflows from within another Workflow, not from a Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start Child Workflows only from within another Workflow, not from a Client.
```

> **Hence the main Child Workflows documentation is on the [Workflow APIs page](/docs/typescript/workflows#child-workflows)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hence the main Child Workflows documentation is on the [Workflow APIs](/docs/typescript/workflows#child-workflows) page.**
```

> A lot of the same concepts about starting, executing and signalling Workflow Executions apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot of the same concepts about starting, executing, and signaling Workflow Executions apply:
```

```ts
// inside Workflow code
import { startChild } from '@temporalio/workflow';

export async function example(WFname: string, args: string[]): Promise<string> {
  const childHandle = await startChild(WFname, {
    // workflowId is optional only for child workflows
    // task queue and other options inherited from parent, can override
    args,
  });
  const result = await childHandle.result();
  // // equivalent to
  // const result = await executeChild(WFname, /* ... */)
  return result;
}
```

You should use [cancellationScopes](/docs/typescript/cancellation-scopes) if you need to cancel Child Workflows.

> The same concept of "Workflow Handles" applies to retrieving handles for Child and External Workflows - as long as you have the Workflow ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same concept of "Workflow Handles" applies to retrieving handles for Child and External Workflows—as long as you have the Workflow ID:
```
